Version 1.1:

    This is an update to version 1.0
    
    New features include:
        
        - Improved Ajax support in the csrf protection system. Ajax requests
            are now supported by using either the X-CSRFTOKEN header, or 
            including the csrf token in the root of the json object sent to
            the server from the client
            
        - The request.put and request.post properties have been updated
            to support json being sent from the client
            
        - The multipart/form-data parser has been updated to be more efficient
            and to traverse the date fewer times
            
    Bugs fixed include:
        
        - Sending multipart/form-data which was broken is now fixed!
    
Version 1:
    
    This is the second version. This project has been seriously refactored.
    The core url processing code remains the same however!
    
    New features include:
    
        - The addition of a 'Wrappers' api, which behaves like Django's middleware
        - The addition of a 'Sessions' api, and the implementation of two simple session
            managers, MemorySessionWrapper, and CookieSessionWrapper 
            
            As always, security was a concern taken seriously. The CookieSessionWrapper
            uses the "secret_key" to sign all cookie data. While this does not provide
            privacy, the client can view the cookie contents; it DOES provide a
            guarantee of authenticity of data stored in a cookie session!
            
        - This version also removes the @view decorator, which seemed redundant
            and introduces class based views-- a view can now be implemented by
            extending plywood.views.View and implementing the __call__(self) method 
            
        - Inspired by the ASP.NET C# Framework, mixed with the Django forms
            validation framework, this version also introduces the concept of
            View based forms which behave both like Django forms and like
            ASP forms. 

Version 0:

    This is the initial version of the plywood web framework for Python.
    Its features include:
    
        - WSGI Support
        - A Url Mapping framework
        - A request object which is passed into views, which are functions decorated by @view